well. The first obvious answer that shows that shows encourages accountability
is that there are consequences that if you're if you're not
doing what you're supposed to, d'oh! And these can be, these consequences
could be immediate or you know they could be can manifest manifest
himself later. Um, so that's that's very basic. But another thing
that can facilitate accountability indirectly is that even if you
don't do something right or if you do something so par, knowing that
you can do better later and it's okay, there's no that that while
you don't want to do poorly, there's still a chance to make up for
what you make up for what you did, um, and that I think can help lead
someone. Two. You're just establish accountability in the cells from
the get go. It makes them more comfortable. It doesn't mean that
they're going to like Okay, well, if I didn't, I don't do well this
time. There's always next time. I don't think people naturally see it
like that. Uh, I think they know that there's understanding in their
superior, um, that they expect them to do well. But But there's not
this idea that there's not a feeling that perfection is expected
or achievable by there by their superior officer